[Dashboard] Add DQL to sales provider (#11462)
Sylius/Sylius: UPGRADE-1.7.md

Until now shipping address used to be the default address of an Order. We have changed that, so now the billing address 
became the default address during checkout. It is an important change in our checkout process, please have that in mind.

## Postgres support

In case when you are using Postgres in your project, function `DATE_FORMAT` should be overridden.

> In `app\config\doctrine.yml` configure path to your `DATE_FORMAT` implementation:

Reviewer: The configuration path is wrong:

```suggestion
Adjust configuration in `config/packages/doctrine.yaml` to change `DATE_FORMAT` implementation:
```

Until now shipping address used to be the default address of an Order. We have changed that, so now the billing address 
became the default address during checkout. It is an important change in our checkout process, please have that in mind.

## Postgres support

> In case when you are using Postgres in your project, function `DATE_FORMAT` should be override.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case when you are using Postgres in your project, function `DATE_FORMAT` should be overridden.
```

> In `Sylius\Bundle\CoreBundle\Resources\config\app\config.yml` configure path to your `DATE_FORMAT` implementation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In `app\config\doctrine.yml` configure path to your `DATE_FORMAT` implementation:
```yaml
doctrine:
    orm:
        entity_managers:
            default:
                dql:
                    string_functions:
                        DATE_FORMAT: App\Doctrine\DQL\DateFormat # OR any other path to your implementation
```
```

Reviewer: `config/packages/doctrine.yaml` :tada:
